KEP-2681: Docs update for Alpha PodHostIPs (#42153)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

- `PodAndContainerStatsFromCRI`: Configure the kubelet to gather container and pod stats from the CRI container runtime rather than gathering them from cAdvisor.
  As of 1.26, this also includes gathering metrics from CRI and emitting them over `/metrics/cadvisor` (rather than having cAdvisor emit them directly).
- `PodDisruptionConditions`: Enables support for appending a dedicated pod condition indicating that the pod is being deleted due to a disruption.

> - `PodHostIPs`: Enables the `status.hostIPs` field for pods and downward API to expose host IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PodHostIPs`: Enable the `status.hostIPs` field for pods and the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="downward-api" text="downward API" >}}. The field lets you expose host IP addresses to workloads.
```

- `PodAndContainerStatsFromCRI`: Configure the kubelet to gather container and pod stats from the CRI container runtime rather than gathering them from cAdvisor.
  As of 1.26, this also includes gathering metrics from CRI and emitting them over `/metrics/cadvisor` (rather than having cAdvisor emit them directly).
- `PodDisruptionConditions`: Enables support for appending a dedicated pod condition indicating that the pod is being deleted due to a disruption.

> - `PodHostIPs`: Enable the `status.hostIPs` field for pods and the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="downward-api" text="downward API" >}}. The field lets you expose host IP addresses to workloads.

Reviewer 2: Please wrap the long line.
